Adding a code of conduct (#40)
2i2c-org/team-compass: culture/social-rules.md

## No backseat driving

```{epigraph}
> **Bob**: What’s the best tool for data science with tables?
> 
> **Alice**: NumPy.
> 
> **Eve**: _(from across the room)_ No, you should use Pandas. It’s better.
```

Backseat driving is when you lob advice from across the room (or across the online chat) without really joining or engaging in a conversation. Because you haven’t been participating in the conversation, it’s easy to miss something important and give advice that’s not actually helpful. Even if your advice is correct, it’s rude to bust into a conversation without asking. If you overhear a conversation where you could be helpful, the best thing to do is to ask to join.

(social:subtle-isms)=
## No subtle -isms

```{epigraph}
> **Carol**: Windows is hard to use.
> 
> **Bob**: No way. Windows is so easy to use that even my mom can use it.
```

> Subtle -isms are subtle expressions of racism, sexism, ageism, homophobia, transphobia and other kinds of bias and prejudice. They are small things that make others feel unwelcome, things that we all sometimes do by mistake. Subtle -isms make people feel like they don’t belong in the 2i2c community. We want to create an environment where everyone can focus all their energy on interactive computing. It’s hard to do that if you’re regularly being made to wonder whether you belong.

Reviewer: This overlaps with the CoC. I don't think it should appear in both the "unwelcoming behavior" category and the "social rules". The former is significantly more serious.

There’s another part of _no subtle -isms:_ If you see racism, sexism, etc. outside of 2i2c, please don’t bring it in. For example, please don’t start a discussion about the latest offensive comment from Random Tech Person Y. Everyone who comes to 2i2c should have the same opportunity to focus on interactive computing, and people from oppressed groups often find discussions of racism, sexism, etc. particularly hard to tune out. There are many places to discuss and debate these issues, but there are few where people can avoid them. 2i2c spaces are some of those places.[^2]

## How do they work?

The social rules are lightweight. You should not be afraid of breaking a social rule. These are things that everyone does, and breaking one doesn’t make you a bad person. If someone says, "hey, you just feigned surprise," or "that’s subtly sexist," don’t worry. Just apologize, reflect for a second, and move on.

> The social rules aren’t for punishing people. They help make RC a pleasant environment where you are free to be yourself, tackle things outside your comfort zone, and focus on programming.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The social rules aren’t for punishing people. They help make 2i2c a pleasant environment where you are free to be yourself, tackle things outside your comfort zone, and focus on programming.
```

## Code of conduct

> The social rules don’t cover harassment or discrimination. For that, we have a separate [code of conduct](https://www.recurse.com/code-of-conduct) enforced by the RC faculty. All members of the RC community are expected to abide by our code of conduct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The social rules don’t cover harassment or discrimination. For that, we have a separate [code of conduct](https://www.recurse.com/code-of-conduct) enforced by the 2i2c team members. All members of the 2i2c community are expected to abide by our code of conduct.
```
